feat(perf-issues): Add information for http overhead performance issues (#7603)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/issues/issue-details/performance-issues/http-overhead/index.mdx

## Detection Criteria

<Note>

This issue is currently only available for browser SDKs

</Note>

The detector for this performance issue looks for a set of overlapping HTTP/1.1 spans that are getting slower because the request itself being delayed, which is a problem for HTTP/1.1 because of browser connection limits.

Once these spans are found, the following must hold true:

- The max queue or 'wait' time reached by the slowest span in the set must exceed a threshold of `500ms`.
- There must be `6` or more overlapping HTTP spans.
- Each HTTP span must be using `HTTP/1.1`.
- The queue time must be increasing for each new HTTP span.
- All spans must share a common host (either `/` if the HTTP connection is the same origin, or the domain name otherwise).

Since all HTTP spans have some amount of wait time, while they will still be included in the detection to ensure the connection limit is hit, only HTTP spans over `100ms` will be marked as 'offending' and show up in the span evidence.

If Sentry doesn't detect an HTTP overhead issue where you expect one, it's probably because the transaction didn't meet one of the above criteria.

> You can configure detector thresholds for HTTP overhead issues in **Project Settings > Performance**.

Author: I believe there is already a shortcut on the span evidence itself 
![Screenshot 2023-08-08 at 1 09 13 PM](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-docs/assets/6111995/28403e46-4fe4-4e49-ace1-059c35fe6ed6)

> You can configure detector thresholds for HTTP overhead issues in **Project Settings > Performance**.

Author: that arrow.. should be pointing at the "threshold settings" button

## Span Evidence

You can find additional information about your Consecutive HTTP issue by looking at two main aspects in the "Span Evidence" section:

- **Transaction name**
- **Max Queue Time** -

![HTTP overhead span evidence](http-overhead-spans.png)

> You can view the span evidence by going to the **Issues** page in Sentry, selecting your project, selecting the Consecutive HTTP Queries error you want to examine, then scrolling down to the "Span Evidence" section in the "Details" tab.

Author: Oops, no, that's just cruft from the issue I was using as a base.

## Fixing HTTP Overhead

> The causes of HTTP Overhead issues can be solved primarily by upgrading to allow HTTP/2 or higher connections to your backend. This would involve your load balancers if you have them in front of your servers, or your server if accessed directly.
> Since this may not be possible in all cases, other solutions are to perform domain sharding, or reduce the number of simultaneous requests to your backend, but these solutions require more manual intervention and maintenance over the long term.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTTP Overhead issues can be solved by upgrading to allow HTTP/2 or higher connections to your backend. This would involve your load balancers if you have them in front of your servers, or your server if it can be accessed directly. Since this may not always be possible, other options are to perform domain sharding, or reduce the number of simultaneous requests to your backend, but these solutions are more manual and harder to maintain over time. 
```
